[BREAKING] Add CLI command for database initialization (#617)
hyperledger/fabric-x-committer: docs/deployment-guide.md

   - For YugabyteDB: ensure all tablet servers are online and the tablet leader election is complete
   - For PostgreSQL: ensure replication is established between primary and replicas

2. **Initialize Database**
   - Run the database initialization command to create system tables and namespaces:
     ```shell
     committer init-db --config <path-to-vc-config> --timeout <duration>
     ```
     **Parameters:**
      - `--config`: Path to the VC service configuration file (required)
      - `--timeout`: Timeout for the initialization operation (default: 5m)

   - This command connects directly to the database and creates:
     - System tables (`tx_status`, `metadata`)

>      - System namespaces (`meta`, `config`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - System namespaces (`_meta`, `_config`)
```

     - Required stored procedures

>    - This is a one-time administrative operation that must be performed before any db operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - This is a one-time administrative operation that must be performed before booting the committer for the first time
```
